more: split util-linux and POSIX implementations (#12171)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/more.md

# more

> > Interactively read a file, allowing scrolling and search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Interactively display a file, allowing scrolling and searching.
```

> See also: `less`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/more>.

- Open a file:

`more {{path/to/file}}`

> - Open a file displaying from a specific line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display a specific line:
```
